The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

expressed only general ideas as to the form a language can take
under different conditions. He is a member of the Institute of
Mathematics, Siberian Section of the Academy of Sciences, USSR,
and being a mathematician he declares that it should not be
assumed that mathematics of our stellar correspondents will be
the same as ours. A short discussion of the artificial language
Lincus developed by the Dutch mathematician Hans Freudenthal does
not indicate any Soviet originality in this direction. The
attempt to unravel the meaning of the Mayan inscriptions of
Yucatan by a mathematical analysis carried out by the same
Mathematical Institute of Siberia was not well received in the
West, and the Mayan language is probably much simpler than the
language of a planet X attached to star y in galaxy z. The
understanding of stellar language may possibly turn out to be a
harder problem than sending or receiving stellar communications.
Resolutions of the Byurakan Conference emphasize the importance
of linguistic studies in this connection.
As to the other than radio communications with stellar
civilizations, the only promising means is an apparatus of the
laser type. Shklovskiy discusses it in considerable detail
(second edition, Chapter 20), but he cautions that it requires
space platforms for its use which are not yet available. As
Shklovskiy notes in the introduction to his book, the present

31