The image appears to contain a newspaper article or report about UFO sightings in the northeast of a capital city. There is no photograph included in the image.

MAILING 
'TIL CHRISTMAS 

UFOs Seen 
Northeast 
Of Capital
Three Bismarck Airport 
control tower personnel saw 
strange blights from the cap-
ital city area Tuesday night 
about 7:22, Captain Glen Wil-
helm and Robert Watts said.
The objects were sighted by 
the Bismarck Airport control 
tower said the two, and three 
Fischer sighted two round, 
white-colored objects about 
7:20 p.m. 
The objects appeared off Robert Watts of the Aviation 
division, who was observing 
them, said the objects had 
the appearance of a ball of 
fire and were descending to 
the ground but then shot up-
ward.
Wilhelm and Watts said 
they too saw the UFOs and 
reported the sighting to the 
Air Force. They said the ob-
jects were about the size of 
an automobile and were mov-
ing at a high rate of speed 
from the northwest to the 
southeast. The objects were 
Seen for about five minutes 
before disappearing from 
sight.
There were indications 
that the Air Force was being 
alerted to the incident, the 
hearing said his tower re-
ceived several calls last week 
Tuesday from citizens of the 
capital who reported seeing 
strange objects in the sky at 
the same approximate time of 
night. He said the callers 
termed the objects glowing 
and appearing to manuever 
from the objects. He said no 
sounds were heard Tuesday 
night.
See UFOs Page 3

HAPPY THANK