The image provided is a scanned page from a document, there are no photographs on this page. Here is the text from the image:

---
- 2 -

1. The flight object of 28.88 meters diameter, conical to the
outside, was unpiloted.

2. The silvery disc of circular shape, built from a metal of
not yet known composition, carries "46 equally spaced
automatic circular nozzles at the periphery, which turn
the disc, when in operation, with reference to the central
plexed glass sphere, which houses instrumentation for
measurement and remote control.

3. The dials and instruments have Russian figures and symbols.

4. The range of the disc seems to be better than 30,000
kilometers, the flight altitude 160 kilometers.

5. The aircraft, resembling the telltale flying saucer,
possesses enough space for a warhead with high explosive,
eventually for an A-Bomb.

The Norwegian specialists believe that the disc was launched
in U.S.S.R. By a transmitter or perhaps receiver breakdown it
impacted on Spitsbergen and destroyed itself partly by the
crash landing. The strange remotely controlled, unpiloted jet
aircraft will be transported via ship to Narvik for further
investigation.

The German weapon designer, Riedel, explained when receiving a
description of the disc: "That is a typical V7, on the mass
production of which I have worked myself."

(END OF TRANSLATION)

REMARKS BY RIEDEL

As usual, this report contains a nice collection of nonsense.
I have, nevertheless, translated as verbally as possible. The
"unknown" 934 Hertz, the statement about range and ceiling
altitude, etc., have to be consumed with a pound of salt. The
last paragraph quoting my name and the V7 is pure invention or
a direct misrepresentation of the "famous" scientist from Tel Aviv,
Dr. Miethe. He has stated in German papers that Germany,
specifically Peenem√ºnde, was developing a V7, which resembled
the flying saucer of today.

Walther Riedel

August 2, 1952.

---