There are no photographs present on this page.

---

SUMMARY OF CIRCUMSTANCES

At 1127 Eastern Standard Time (EST), July 2, 1954, F-94C
51-13559 crashed three miles east of Westmoreland (referred
to as the Walesville intersection), New York and was
destroyed. The pilot and radar observer of the aircraft
ejected successfully and were uninjured. However, the air-
craft struck a civilian dwelling and a civilian automobile,
fatally injuring a total of four persons.

The aircraft took off at 11:05 EST on a routine training
mission. An afterburner takeoff was made and engine
operation was normal. The afterburner was shut off at
2,500 feet and level flight was assumed. At the request
of the ground controlled intercept (GCI) site, the mission
of the aircraft was changed to airborne intercept and an
afterburner climb was made to 12,000 feet. A visual sight-
ing of the unidentified aircraft was made at 10,000 feet,
but because of the slow speed of the unidentified aircraft,
the pilot of the F-94C employed dive brakes, flaps and, at
the same time, reduced the throttle to approximately 65 per-
cent rpm. After identifying the C-47 aircraft by tail number,
the pilot turned his attention to a second unidentified air-
craft. The GCI informed the pilot that the second
unidentified aircraft was probably low and letting down for