The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document or report. The document appears to be a newspaper article or press release discussing a UFO incident involving a Pan American Airliner.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

Pan American Airliner Case
Still Unsolved, Says CAB

According to an Air Force spokesman's claim, 
on the night of March 13, 1957, two Pan American 
Airways pilots saw three unidentified objects in the 
air at an altitude of 21,000 feet near Jacksonville, 
Ga. The Civil Aeronautics Board, however, says the 
case is still unsolved. The Air Force claims the 
pilots saw three unknown objects maneuvering in a 
manner impossible for conventional aircraft. The 
pilots were traveling on an eastbound flight between 
Miami and New York. The CAB report states that the 
flight was cruising at 21,000 feet when the pilots 
observed three objects which they described as round 
in shape, white or green in color and of tremendous 
brightness. The objects maneuvered around the 
airplane for about 12 to 15 minutes. The pilots 
stated the objects were traveling at an estimated 
speed of 600 to 700 mph. This speed is far in excess 
of the capability of any known aircraft. The CAB 
report indicates that the Air Force conducted a very 
thorough investigation but was unable to identify 
the objects or explain the sighting. The case, 
therefore, remains unsolved. The CAB report gives no 
further details on this incident.