The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with text describing "AF Plans Low Flights In Area". The text provides details about a plan for low-altitude flights by airplanes in a specific area, including details about the flight routes, altitudes, and locations involved.

AF Plans 
Low Flights
In Area

A list of Lockhead C-130 Her-
cules troop carrying planes are 
going to be flying low training 
flights in the area for nine days 
beginning 9 August.

The ten-troop transports, from 
Langley Air Force Base Vir-
ginia, will be making low alti-
tude flights below 500 feet, mak-
ing air drops, assault landings 
and takeoffs in the following 
AREAS near Wilmington County 
AFS, North Carolina:

Fort Bragg, Fort Fisher, Cherry 
Point Marine Air Station, Cape 
Hatteras, Norfolk, Langley AFB, 
Richmond, Williamsburg, Fort 
Eustis, Washington, D.C., and 
Xenia, Ohio.

The STATED purpose of this 
training is to keep pilots and 
crews proficient in low altitude 
operations which could be re-
quired in a "limited war" type 
situation.

The ALTITUDES used will be 
generally under 500 feet above 
the ground during the flights 
which will last about 2 to 3 
hours. The range of the flights 
will be from 10 to 50 miles.

The flights will be over or near 
the communities, including Ches- 
apeake, Elizabeth City, Fay-
etteville, Greensboro, Kinston, 
Morehead City, Raeford, Raleigh, 
Wilmington and Xenia.